Grandma doesn't have to care
Princess Chu can cure the Supreme Emperor
There must be something extraordinary about medicine
Maybe 6 can be cured
He can cure the emperor
That's a recipe left by his master
It's just a mistake
I don't know what the emperor thinks
I actually believed what they said
old five
Concubine Lu believes you
You can watch your princess not let him mess around
Although this order is from the emperor
No defiance
But if his medical skills are not good
Random diagnosis and treatment
Indiscriminate prescriptions
Hurt my arms
This palace has something to say first
Never give up
Lu Mengfei Qing'er will definitely do her best
Then I'll go in and have a look.
Hui Wang, I will go in with you
I've been helping take care of Brother Six these days
Maybe it can help
Go in and put on the mask first
If you dislike me for not being able to carry a child, you are my son
He was seriously ill and was in a bad mood
And then I see you go in with this thing.
I see that you all dislike him
Isn't it worse than death?